LIMITATIONS
---
0. Note that most Input-Output tables do not segregate VA, as this data is usually impossible to obtain, reversing FD is a possible workaround
1. As of now, technological progress by reduction of input is immediately passed to the VA, -0.3 -> +0.3, this mean the system is generally conserved, and growth happens when the excess VA is passed to the FD, which in turn creates higher output, this does not happen as the increase of VA of that sector/product is complimented by decrease of VA on other sectors/products, leading to a consistent total VA therefore a consistent FD, this is because the decrease of input from other sectors, means less demand from other sectors. This is maybe why WAGE income is an important artifact of capitalism.
2. As of now, the model is unable to demonstrate the decrease (or change) of a price of a good, just only the change in surplus and wage proportions. This can be fixed by changing the CURVES, when a change in price is triggered. This then will require the rebuilding of the table/coefficient matrix.
	Because prices don't change, elasticity (including in terms of substitution) is disregarded.
	The model handles limited stock by breaking instead of increasing the price, subverting the curve, also because there is no elasticity values to assume on.
3. NOTE - I believe if a part of input is imported, the input itself will have its own identifier, which in turn will specify that it imports.
4. Currently the minimum wage is based on the total minimum wage throughout all workers required for the recipe to work. Labour power is not settable as of now! It is hardcoded, i.e. the bonus salary is hardcoded into inputs/recipies, and cannot be adjusted at runtime. 
5. If the price of a good changes, it won't be automatically reflected in the monetary i-o, as the monetary io does not show quantity, but price, so price change is not reflected, will require manual reflection. 
6. Some demands cannot be satisfied on a single iteration/day, e.g. a consumer that wants a car will not buy one after an hour, the monetary io "may" show that they purchase a piece of the car to represent the savings and the future purchase. Does the io table do this?
7. how do we deal with super/subsets, do we simply just add multiple production methods?...Yes! we can maybe...look at all the valid subsets, and pick the cheapest, or evaluate for the cheapest
8. tech_change_params in tech_changes.csv must be a json field as there are multiple "methods"
---
GOALS
---

1. Basic production curves, based on demand
2. Adjustible tax
3. Final Demand depends on VA after 1st iteration
4. Applying technological change (no savings)
    1. Gov Investment (for now, lets start on gov driven investment, where gov picks inv from list)
    2. Corporate Investment
    a. Invest into single thing
    b. Invest into alot of things/Index
    c. Invest into self
5. Investment which applies technological change, and uses up saving, we see the return ratio of that investment
6. Savings & Debt-Tracking
8. Diminishing returns on investments
9. Rank the investments
10. Problem Solve multiple investment options
11. System wide investment demo using ICOR/Harrod-Domar model
--- SKIP FOR NOW
7. Time is money so rate should also be a factor.
12. International Trade?
13. Allow Leakages, and savings
14. Elasticity
--- 
15. Now we move outside the single commune to a single business, entrepreneurship opportunities, country wide, basically custom sized economy
16. Raw Material version/substitution
---
Gemini raised the question of substitution if e.g. steel becomes expensive, in this case;
we have the whole column switching or being tiered, instead of the elements in it, but the column itself
is an element, so how would this look like? IGNORE FOR NOW
